everybody welcome back to the land
please binding of issac answereth plus
we're doing random hardmode runs right
now building a pseudo streak that is
basically irrelevant and we're Samson
what do we need of Samson here basically
the same thing we did on that Eve run
for C ad BLT B that's not a
bed-and-breakfast
that's a bacon lettuce tomato and
breakfast which sounds perfect to me
right now I can get down with the bacon
sandwich I'm you know ivory evaluated
some of my nutritional choices in my
life I'm living healthier but I can't
deny that two pieces of white bread with
length four slices of bacon sandwich
between them Oh
sounds mighty delicious right now you
could excuse me here I'm just going to
go make that I'm not going to make it
cuz here's the thing with bacon I know
that let's just head this off of the
past you know those who the bacon
narwhals at midnight you know okay I
know the bacon is especially for like a
while it was like an internet meme that
was like you know the best meat on the
planet I don't think bacon is the best
meat on the planet but I do like it
but the problem is for sandwich
ingredients it's it's in kind of a weird
area wouldn't you say I hope so because
I'm asking you two right now
I don't want to cook two strips of bacon
fresh to put them on a sandwich man if
that was wait what I would have been way
happier but it still could be worse like
marginally worse maybe possibly it's an
okay floor food for stuff but we're not
going to be able to activate some bloody
lusts too much on purpose here at least
look I don't want to if I'm making a
sandwich part of the reason I'm making
the sandwiches because I love it and
it's the greatest food product ever and
the other reason is because I want a
lunch that's past you know I want a
lunch I can just grab some you know
cured meats out of the fridge put a
little bit of sliced cheese on it get
some bread maybe toast the bread if I'm
feeling particularly artisan and then
we're good to go right I don't want to
have to cook the ingredients separately
so you might say NL you're being a big
old baby why don't you just have the
bacon precooked and then put it on the
sandwich
you know at construction time it's not
the same is it you want that nice crispy
base say what you will about a fast-food
establishment but they have you know the
means of production to get that done
ASAP you know they have a fresh bacon
available for you whereas I at home III
have northern I have northern apparently
no I have neither the time nor the
desire which to get that done they've
got a competitive advantage over me and
that's why I'm never going to open a
Wendy's franchise for now though oh okay
yeah good really that was just to get
the extra damage was worth it you know
one spirit are down the drain 40.5
damage up for two remaining rules tena
attend decision on my part should really
focus here I want to enter the next
fight having at least half of the spirit
hard left just gives us the ability to
take one hit against both of these
bosses and not be compromising our deal
with the devil chances which actually
because it could still be over there we
go because it could still be two more
floors before we get a blood bank and
thus the ability to like activate IV bag
whenever we so choose I think to just
get strong the more traditional way is a
probably our best option right now now
what a surprise glass gray wolves
playing player unknowns battlegrounds
must be nice playing some battlegrounds
well you haven't played enough player
unknowns battlegrounds yet Austin you
got to play a game that you've already
played a hundred thousand times
for YouTube and twitch I don't
understand like don't you ever get sick
of it don't you ever want to play
something new you find yourself going NL
come on buddy what about Isaac you're
missing out on the joke here I'm aware
of that here I'm a self satire
I'm a self spare tire if you could just
die as quickly as possible give us a
deal with the devil with mom's knife I
would be a very happy man
I'm not going to demand it but I do
think I'm entitled to it as the number
one member of the Isaac fan club magic
mushroom oh I mean I actually think
ghost baby is worth nothing in this
situation we could have taken it without
much of a cost but we could also just
not take it and have zero cost and
that's probably for the best because
it's not very good so we are at seven
point three five damage base this should
give us enough money to get something
from the shop we don't really want to
get things from the shop we want to try
to get an IV bag if possible but we're
in a very very good spot now just like
the last run although the last run it
did occasionally get a little mylord did
occasionally get a little tricky towards
the end there
mom bags fine we were sort of low on HP
and also ended up killing like literally
everything remaining on the post-it note
that we could conceivably do within the
same run we sort of were a little bit
you know the run if I may use late 90s
parlance was a little whack for a while
but once we managed to get things
connected it started to just crush it
Gary Vaynerchuk style and we're uh we're
doing all right here dude I believe that
that is the second secret room but I'm
not willing to gamble my last remaining
bomb to check and this would be a great
floor to get a Krampus item I'll take
either one we definitely don't want to
keep Butterbean so we could use a deal
with the devil that doesn't cost us HP
we did not get one you know what all the
better to get one on the next floor with
that's my philosophy we're already at I
think like nine damage by by base at
this point crickets heads unfortunately
it doesn't multiply your existing
multiplier
it also doesn't mark apply your existing
markiplier which is good because if you
mark applied markiplier you'd get a you
know a square of markiplier and I mean I
like it as much as the next guy but
that's probably just too much markiplier
maybe get like a logarithmic scale going
or something like that look I know just
enough math to get myself into trouble
accidentally with this analogy here it's
a bad idea just looking for the shop
because we can definitely at this point
I mean first off we should donate
because the runs looking good guys
behind looking dang good though why not
this is free there's actually no reason
why not but I say why not to remind me
of the amazing Hilary Duff song of the
same same name why not take a crazy
chance why not do a crazy dance I like
to think of that sometimes because
everyone you know motivating songs are
all well and good when they're
motivating you to do like good things
when you're like ivory I really don't
want to go to the gym today but I should
oh I want to ask that girl out but I
drove the confidence why not take a
crazy chance never these crazy chances
you're more just like anxiety anyway
when that do it crazy dance but then you
know you're like oh it's nice Hilary
Duff trying to motivate people you ever
think about like you know what like bank
robbers listen to that song I don't know
dude this seems like a risky job and
then they're in the grocery store and
like you know this Benny you refer your
work and go ahead and run
that bank and they're like you know what
Katy Perry I will go and rob that bank
originally I wasn't going to but then
your song came on and told me I could do
anything and I decided to take that to
heart
so obviously what I'm saying is that we
should never motivate each other because
it runs the risk of motivating us to do
bad things
dude us in this exhibit of everything on
the NL SS comes true eventually TJ
Miller you know X Silicon Valley
co-stars emoji emoji movie actor I
actually like it I don't really like TJ
Miller as a I don't like his work I
should say I've never met him in person
Asia recalled the one that gives us a
bunch of cards right and I don't think
that that's necessarily that divisive I
like him on Silicon Valley because he's
like he's abrasive and on Silicon Valley
that works but then I find like in
literally everything else that he's and
he's playing exactly the same character
which is fine I also think that that's
probably him from interviews that have
seen with him and again you know it
works around I'm not saying he shouldn't
be able to do it so no going into this
I'm not the world's biggest TJ Miller
fan although I did like him in Deadpool
as well turns out I'm actually the
world's biggest PJ Miller fan I just
didn't realize oh I was thinking of JG
when worth this whole time no but I'm
not the biggest TJ Miller fan but he did
an interview with The Huffington Post
for the release of the emoji movie which
I know I know but in it he espouses the
belief that children don't deserve to
laugh as much as adults because they
haven't earned it literally I'm not
saying that you'd stolen I'm saying you
know great minds think alike or poison
minds think alike literally an NL SS bit
come to life you know the idea that in
order to enjoy happiness you have to
suffer a little bit taken to the extreme
I think he's being like a half sea
he's half joking that was kind of like
everyone was like oh my god this guy
hates kids and I was like no he's right
I mean he's also it sounds very evil but
I also think he is right
some kids certainly can have tough lives
but he's like kids aren't aware aren't
aware of their own mortality and as a
result they don't need a distraction
from their own mortality obviously
there's not true for like every child
but on average I think he's probably
right
Wow we survived that now does that mean
that children shouldn't be allowed to
laugh no but I mean you got to admire
the hooks Club somebody saying that as
they're marketing the movie that's
basically designed to make children
laugh but it's not like those kids
resolving and post either right so
really sad we should have used the
Butterbean there it was it was the crazy
interview and also kind of hilarious you
know he's like seems like that's why
kids can't drink cuz they haven't earned
the right to to drink and I'm like
that's obviously ridiculous you're
turning me in terms of what I don't want
to be because I want to be like well
actually kids don't drink because you
know they're not mature enough to handle
the you know mental effects of alcohol
and also it might have terrible effects
on their brains but you know beyond the
you know they don't possess the the
means to you know stop addiction before
it starts you know the kids are these if
you ask them what the way they want to
eat for dinner they're just going to ask
you candy all the time they don't have
that sense of guilt you got to earn that
I understand
turning these turning me pedantic
you're losing me my jury yeah everybody
well not everybody in the one thread I
saw about it on Twitter people were like
tearing them apart
kids don't deserve to laugh I'm not
going to say that what he's saying is
not fundamentally absurd because it is
but at the same time because nobody's
saying he's not saying kids don't
deserve the left he's just saying adults
learn deserve to laugh more because you
know taxes and disease and the
inevitability of you know even if you
live your entire life right you know
you're just going to turn to you know
worm food at the end anyway and you know
traffic and
etc etc having to actually willfully go
to places like Bed Bath and Beyond like
adults have earned it
we're killing it let's face it okay if
you're an adult take a rare opportunity
to pat yourself on the back I promise
you nobody else will we should just
reroll this right now because you're
keeping the world running oh I'll go
Guppies head you're keeping the world
running you know we have an obligation
as well if you're a parent you have an
obligation I have like a a begrudging
duty to keep the world safe for the next
generation of people you know for the
net for the generation that's coming up
after us you know we got a preserved
childlike innocence as long as possible
but possible because once it's gone it's
gone forever but adults are the ones
keeping the world running you know you
ever see like people on Facebook I'm not
going to say that it's recent mother's
but it's like oftentimes recent mothers
post like a facebook video that's like
kids are so smart if we just listen to
them are you hearing yourself now that
I've met some adults who have held some
very very stupid opinions I've met
adults that are otherwise reasonable
people who hold stupid opinions I've met
adults who are idiots who hold almost
exclusively idiotic opinions and you
know what we've all got to share this
world together today with many of them
would probably say the same thing about
me just in a less articulate way yeah
that was kind of a jerk move but come on
I'm building the character here kids are
way stupider purrr I think absolutely
in many cases free of you know some of
the adult biases perhaps you know like
you ever see a video that's like a kid
in like a Walmart or a Target or
something like that and they're like
mommy why are the action figures in the
boys section and the dolls are in the
girls section everyone's like you
there's too to speak in the truth I'm
like I can relate to that I can
understand you know we've grown up with
the idea that action figures or boys
toys and dolls or girls
and you know so as a result when I see
that it doesn't look off to me but when
someone's looking at it with fresh eyes
they're like hey it's a little jacked up
here wouldn't you say mom let's go is
cute through that I understand but when
people drop these overarching
generalities like if you're so smart if
only we listen to them oh yeah you're so
smart
um what Salva God Rose numbered Johnny
Johnny doesn't know what avocados number
is he doesn't even know what an avocado
is kids are so smart if you just take
the time to listen to them hey Johnny uh
what do you want to be when you grow up
I want to be the son yeah she's
definitely oh well okay I understand
doctor that you have given me a 5%
chance of survival and the only means
that I can improve that is via this
surgery but before I give you my consent
to operate I'm just going to ask my
two-year-old what he feels about the
situation is you think daddy should get
the brain surgery I want my name to be
spaghetti I sorry doc the my chief
advisor has spoken we got to go to City
Hall and change his name to spaghetti
I'm just saying you could take it you
can take it a little too far I
understand by the way I I firmly believe
that one of my two cats is so much
smarter than the average cat that he's
like he's a cat genius this cat can do
no wrong anytime he does anything that
resembles having intent behind it I'm
like this cat has a brain like one heck
of a brain on this cat right am i right
or am i right but in reality is probably
just like a normal cat I feel like he's
smart but I also you know I love them so
of course I feel like he's smart we got
a lump of coal there that's a lovely
pickup I don't know why I made this
sound like it wasn't so I understand but
then you get these you know parents who
are like my child is an indigo child
they feel emotional intelligence on an
ultraviolet wavelength and you go what
are you are you listening to yourself
I saw a post on Facebook is about like a
13 year old genius which happens all the
time you know part of part of growing up
is accepting that you know I've done
well for myself in this life but there
are like there's probably like a hundred
12 year olds on planet earth that are
smarter than I'll ever be
already despite all the you know I've
been bettering myself for a long time
it'll never be good enough they've just
for whatever reason you know they've got
the kind of brain structure that allows
them to hit those highs and that's fine
but they'll never have lived through the
instinct era so I'll always have that
over top of them but then like in the
post this is like a 13 year old was
explaining like how we can build an
engine to get the Mars and I didn't
watch it because first off I'm not going
to be the jerk who's like this kids an
idiot I also don't possess the expertise
to know whether or not he is an idiot
but anyway it was like a young mother in
the comments who was like my little
Jeremy's been watching so many of these
videos and you like communicates
telepathically to this child enough you
believe that like you go to work every
day as a says your owner of
self-employed believing that your child
communicates telepathically with other
children I'm not I'm this is actually
kind of a touchy subject that I've waded
into a language thorny leave and by
accident I'm not trying to like
stigmatize mental illness I think this
is a person that is otherwise so because
the rest of the comment seemed totally
normal
it's just like man's the next generation
is going to be in such good hands as a
result of kids like Jeremy and this guy
and you know she seemed to put together
but at the same time looks like you you
actually believe that that's that's
stunning to me and very scary but as
long as you conduct yourself in a you
know in a manner that's becoming of a
human being and an adult in today's
society it's you can hold that belief
doesn't really affect me that much
personally
I resist the notion we spend our whole
lives getting smarter that's like you
can't help it you might get more
ignorant as you get older stuck in your
ways but your brain is such a sponge you
actually can't stop yourself from from
becoming smarter even someone you look
at and you're like when did you get so
dumb they're actually smarter than they
used to be you just probably got smarter
than them faster than they got smarter
this is now completely ignorant of
neuroscience but let's ignore that I
think we might as well go for this dude
like this runs 10 out of 10 at this
point and we should be able to use trim
to move like every wave which I have
failed on miserably here to begin with
but so it's to say that you know
children is so smart if we just listen I
think if you need a fresh set of eyes on
something you say six-year-old come here
what do you think of this highway system
it looks stupid there yeah dude
Eisenhower what were you thinking look
at this like clover ramp here this is
absurd what do you think this
neighborhood all the houses look the
same it's ugly
thank you I've been saying that for 30
years I just needed a fresh set eyes to
come along I actually like that was a
jab at the suburbs this will be my next
tangent I don't dislike the suburbs I'm
just I do resist the notion that
children are uniformly intelligent do
they deserve to laugh probably being a
kid is hard dude that's mostly meant
facetiously but it can be certainly I'm
not trying to say I have you if you're
in a messed up family situation like oh
that's well you're you're a messed-up
family situation well I pay income tax
so honestly like you know I'd trade
lives with you in a second I'm not being
that ignorant
regardless I love the suburbs I live in
a major so I'll major Canadian City
anytime you say it's a major city people
go oh yeah I live in you know the bowels
of kowloon walled city in Hong Kong 94
thousand people per square foot you
think you live in a city oh I live on
Europa where me and you know 9
quadrillion other aliens all reside you
know beneath a single polar icecap
congratulations well let me know how the
weather is there it sounds but I don't
dislike the suburbs you meet people in
here all the time
I didn't buy in here I mean in Vancouver
that are like you know oh yeah I grew up
in the suburbs couldn't wait to get out
of there the city has more amenities but
the suburbs that God they got advantages
first off respect that your parents
probably moved you to the suburbs they
wanted a reasonably affordable
neighborhood compared to like a city not
compared to like the absolute country
but he had the idea that was safe you
know you had neighbors you could also
have a yard to play around in and it's
just like you know this isn't it's a
safe place to raise a child to make some
friends the kids in the neighborhood not
be totally isolated but not not also
thrown into a you know downtown city
center where they you know see somebody
break a glass bottle over their head
like once every three months that's a
guy so the suburbs ain't so bad as I'm
saying to you if you live in the suburbs
right now I'm not saying you should be
like appreciative a hundred percent like
there are there problems with the
suburbs I'm sure that I'm largely
unaware of I'm not ignorant of it I grew
up well I grew up in the country and
then for like three of my four years in
high school I lived in the suburbs and I
was like this sucks my favorite bands
aren't playing here then later you know
you get a little older you're like
that's a very minor problem in the whole
scheme of things
the only thing that I dislike fully
about the suburbs well there's two
things one is even though we own a car I
would prefer not having to own a car and
in the suburbs you pretty much gotta own
a car
most places anyway especially if you're
a suburb of something that's not a major
city that's like a trend as a transient
Network kind of gotta own a car
that means everybody in the suburbs owns
the car and they're probably commuting
to a city and then they got it you know
you're fighting each other for traffic
because you chose to live there with
Annette that's annoying spending some of
your life in traffic like that I mean a
friend of my parents lives in a town I
mean it's time turn that sensitive
information but it just try to think
about how to universalize this basically
he lives two hours away from where he
works so he commutes every day let's
play some commute like bingo right now
we've got the longest commute in Chad
I'm not going to ask you to prove it
because that's kind of ridiculous do we
have the hush fight done we do so I'm
just gonna I'm just going to go then to
the Cathedral um but like if you if you
go I have a six hour commute I don't
believe you okay
Maya my brother-in-law when they they
used to live in California now they live
in the Washington state he used to have
a three-hour commute but only on the
weekends so he's like some kind of like
facial surgeon or something like that so
he would work in like the Los Angeles
area Monday to Thursday or something
like that and then Friday Saturday and
Sunday he would drive up he's like a
six-hour commute but only on the
weekends he would drive up to like the
Bay Area work in a hospital or a clinic
up there and then drive back on Sunday I
don't know where he stayed but it
doesn't this is irrelevant for the
purposes that's a long commute but you
got to divide it by the number of days I
think man who drives two hours a day
five times a week and has for 30 years
is like way more he's got the
he's got the bragging rights there or
the opposite of the bragging rights I
mean what do you drive eight hours once
a week or an hour and a half per day
five times a week
those are roughly equivalent I think
okay what am i no not quite you know an
hour and 41 minutes let's say I'd rather
do like an eight-hour Drive once a week
I think this once it's done it's done
it's like the same thing with working
out man working out would be way easier
to fall into routine for if it was just
like every Saturday you just spent three
hours working out you get jacked if
instead of having one cheat day and six
not cheat days you just had six cheat
days and then one day in which you're
like I'm going to eat nonsense that's a
dangerous attitude to espouse I'm not
trying to say that that's a good idea
although the idea of intermittent
fasting has started to catch on a little
bit but yeah I'm not a nutritionist I
don't know if that's good or bad for you
just in general and this doesn't just go
for me you shouldn't you should be weary
of my advice but you should also accept
that most of the time when I give advice
I also say I don't know what I'm talking
about you should be wary of people who
do what I do that give you advice and
don't hedge their advice in like a
little hot dog bun of but don't listen
to me I'm an idiot do your own research
anybody especially they're like I had
you know gaming youtuber they act like
an authority on anything but like you
know what dpi your mouth should be set
on in the binding of issac I would be
very afraid of that not afraid maybe I
would I would be cautious at some point
everybody's doing this job has got to
learn that when you spend like 40 plus
hours a week talking to yourself in a
room you're you get a lot of depth of
knowledge and how to maintain a little
bit of self delusion that you're having
a conversation and all of your other
knowledge just suffers greatly like for
example did you know this idiot and I'm
talking about myself can't even
pronounce snooker correctly
he says snooker like some kind of person
who's from a different country I don't
even understand it like he says words
differently than me we invented words
here okay I'm getting Li I understand
I've eaten the same drum over and over
I'm not gonna monkey with a miniature
Simba the joining let's continue to go
all right
spider but is irrelevant no way you
should do a blast run as well but dude I
mean this is two extremely good runs in
a row in case that's not like extremely
clear oh I just squeezed through the
door I meant to open that chest could be
like a forget-me-now or something then
we can get dam ski and knock out mega
saver we didn't get a delirium play and
we didn't get a forgiving now but we did
have a good run nonetheless hey thanks
for watching
bloody penny great item for Samson as it
well drink it as a kid in the basement
thanks for watching hope you enjoyed it
if you did click the like button those
done a great deal and of course
subscribe you will see more in the
future but for now thanks for watching
and I will see you next time